== rxen

Ruby wrapper to access the Xen XML-RPC API via simple to use ruby methods, not 
all methods are implemented, yet. They can be easily added by simply extending the
Session class RPC_METHODS Hash to include the correct Regular Expression mathing the
call.

== example

	# Get the rxen gem
	require 'rxen'

	# create a Session with the Xen Server you want to control
	xs = Session.new("https://my.xenserver.company.com/")

	# login with username and password
	xs.login_with_password("root", "password")

	# Some example calls, all possible calls can be found in the XenAPI 
	# Documentation. Calls are build by class_function(parameters), it is not needed
	# to pass the session id since it is done automatically.
	# Get IDs for the VMs running on the Server
	xs.VM_get_all()

	# register for all task events 
	xs.event_register(["task"])

	# get the next event from the queue
	xs.event_next()

	# unregister from the task events 
	xs.event_unregister(["task"])

	# logout of the XenServer 
	xs.logout()

Alternativly config based login can be done via 
	
	xs = Session.new_with_config("configfile.json")

== license 

(the BSD license)

Copyright 2010 Philipp Fehre. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of
      conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list
      of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
      provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY PHILIPP FEHRE ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the
authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed
or implied, of Philipp Fehre.

